# Dataset Repository for Symbolic Compliance

This repository contains the dataset for the paper:  

> **"A First and Fast Symbolic Approach for Data-Aware Business Process Compliance Checking"**  
> *Authors: Silvano Colombo Tosatto, Hannah Burke, Nick van Beest, Heerko Groefsema* 

The experiments can be visualised directly at [damocles-analysis.com](https://damocles-analysis.com) (if files are not showing directly in website, please do a hard reset)
 

## Contents

- **`results_c.csv`**: Table generated by timing each fully compliant experiment using the different methods, as presented in the paper.  
- **`results_v.csv`**: Table generated by timing each non-compliant experiment using the different methods, as presented in the paper.  
- **`example_results.csv`**: Table generated by timing compliant and non-compliant account creation examples using the different methods, as presented in the paper.  

- **`modelFiles/`**: Contains information about each experiment:  
	- **`images/`**: Images of each experiment’s WFNet, annotations, and obligations.  
	- **`sourceFiles/`**: Files used to generate these data structures in our implementation, consisting of combinations of WFNet, annotation, and obligation files as indicated by `batch.csv`.  

- **`nuXmvComparison/`**: Contains files for NuXmv model comparison:  
	- **`NuXmvConverter.java`**: Converts experiments from our database to SMV files.  
	- **`models/`**: SMV files for each experiment, including both the model and associated obligations.  
	- **`commands/`**: Each method type with associated command SMV files for each experiment.  

- **`websiteInfo/`**: Information on visualizing experiments on the website:  
	- **`info.md`**: Instructions for using the website to visualize experiments.
